Fix broken link to configuration section (#197)
philosowaffle/peloton-to-garmin: docs/install/docker.md

A sample [docker-compose.yaml](https://github.com/philosowaffle/peloton-to-garmin/blob/master/docker-compose.yaml) file and [configuration.local.json](https://github.com/philosowaffle/peloton-to-garmin/blob/master/configuration.example.json) can be found in the project repo.

> The Docker container expects a valid `configuration.local.json` file is mounted into the container.  Additionally, you can mount the `app/working` and `app/output` directories.  You can learn more about the configuration file over in the [Configuration Section](https://philosowaffle.github.io/peloton-to-garmin/configuration/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Docker container expects a valid `configuration.local.json` file is mounted into the container.  Additionally, you can mount the `app/working` and `app/output` directories.  You can learn more about the configuration file over in the [Configuration Section]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link configuration/index.md %})

```

The original URL syntax is correct as the site is compiled by Jeckyll which will replace the variable `site.baseurl` with the appropriate value (see line 34 below where the url works as expected).  I think the real problem here might be the leading `/`, causing the generated link to be broken.
